README.md, before:

# Phasmophobia Overlay

An improved version of the in-game journal in Phasmophobia. Designed to be used as a stream overlay.

## What's different?

- Journal considers _Ghost Orbs_ forced evidence for The Mimic.
- Journal will appropriately rule out ghosts based on the number of available evidence.
- Journal will rule out female only ghosts when the ghost is selected as male.
- Evidence can be crossed out on lower evidence runs without ruling out potential ghosts.
- Timer included to make tracking certain events easier.

## How do I use this?

Either download the provided `.html` file or use the live version (coming soon) with a streaming software such as OBS. You can then either:

- Capture the browser window itself using Window Source.
- Capture the local file or the URL and interact with the Browser Source (recommended for transparency).

## I found an issue with something, what can I do?

Contact me directly using my business email (business@michaelwarmbier.com) or make a new issue on this repository. Small changes will be added over time to round everything out, reflected in this README.

Commit message:

Fixed issue with 0 evidence; added sanity thresholds; added speed options

README.md, after:

# Phasmophobia Overlay

An improved version of the in-game journal in Phasmophobia. Designed to be used as a stream overlay.

## What's different?

- Journal considers _Ghost Orbs_ forced evidence for The Mimic.
- Journal will appropriately rule out ghosts based on the number of available evidence.
- Journal will rule out female only ghosts when the ghost is selected as male.
- Evidence can be crossed out on lower evidence runs without ruling out potential ghosts.
- Timer included to make tracking certain events easier.
- List shows ghost hunting thresholds.
- Option to filter out ghosts by their observed speed when _unaware of the player_.

## How do I use this?

Either download the provided `.html` file or use the live version (coming soon) with a streaming software such as OBS. You can then either:

- Capture the browser window itself using Window Source.
- Capture the local file or the URL and interact with the Browser Source (recommended for transparency).

## I found an issue with something, what can I do?

Contact me directly using my business email (business@michaelwarmbier.com) or make a new issue on this repository. Small changes will be added over time to round everything out, reflected in this README.
